Look outside
OK
There is a situation
If not, there is a wildcat.
Stop talking nonsense. The truck will be here in half an hour
Go take care of it
Fortunately, there is a cat
Danger at home
No cat
Is it very similar to what Yue Yue learned?
Think I'm single and pure
Just go.
But what about the car you ride?
How is losing your car better than losing your life?
I know that woman
Call Fang Yue's famous new doorman
I never want to provoke them unless I have to, but the royal family is where I was born and raised
How can we watch them run amok?
Call the police.
The nearest police station here is 40 kilometers away
Their van arrives in half an hour
There will be no evidence
He went in for two days and was acquitted
What should I do then?